CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
The title of my projet is to  Create a Calculator in Python(GUI programming)

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
This progarm is a very wonderful program.
Our daily life activities depends on calculation.
So this projet answers this question.
Making it easier to perform  basic calculations that can be used by everyone.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
By the end of this project with gain Python Programming experience.

will create a fully functioning Calculator application using python’s popular library Tkinter
and get familiar with this library.
I’ll be able to create a Graphical User Interface (GUI) in Python from scratch.

 Throughout this project I’ll learn how to create and customize 
the application window, I’ll learn how to create widgets such as buttons 
and entry boxes, I’ll also learn how to modify the widgets and change their 
color, size and orientation and finally you’ll learn how to manage the layout of the widgets
 and how to place them in the window using three different methods. finally
 I’ll use what I learned to build the graphical user interface of the calculator and get
 my  calculator ready to use.




4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

I  will use Tkinte python largest library.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

